README.md, before:

# Exercism Representer Template

This repository is a [template repository](https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-template-repository) for creating [representers][representers] for [Exercism][exercism] tracks.

## Using the Representer Template

1. Ensure that your track has not already implemented a representer. If there is, there will be a `https://github.com/exercism/<track>-representer` repository (i.e. if your track's slug is `python`, the representer repo would be `https://github.com/exercism/python-representer`)
2. Follow [GitHub's documentation](https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template) for creating a repository from a template repository
   - Name your new repository based on your language track's slug (i.e. if your track is for Python, your representer repo name is `python-representer`)
3. Remove this [Exercism Representer Template](#exercism-representer-template) section from the `README.md` file
4. Replace `TRACK_NAME_HERE` with your track's name in the `README.md` file
5. Build the representer, conforming to the [Representer interface specification](https://github.com/exercism/docs/blob/main/building/tooling/representers/interface.md).
   - Update the files to match your track's needs. At the very least, you'll need to update `bin/run.sh`, `Dockerfile` and the test solutions in the `tests` directory
   - Tip: look for `TODO:` comments to point you towards code that need updating
   - Tip: look for `OPTIONAL:` comments to point you towards code that _could_ be useful

Once you're happy with your representer, [open an issue on the exercism/exercism repo](https://github.com/exercism/exercism/issues/new?title=%5BTRACK%5D+Request+Representer+Repository) to request an official representer repository for your track.

# Exercism TRACK_NAME_HERE Representer

The Docker image to automatically create a representation for TRACK_NAME_HERE solutions submitted to [Exercism].

## Run the representer

To create a representation for an arbitrary exercise, do the following:

1. Open a terminal in the project's root
2. Run `./bin/run.sh <exercise-slug> <solution-dir> <output-dir>`

Once the representer has finished, its results will be written to `<output-dir>/representation.txt` and `<output-dir>/mapping.json`.

## Run the representer on an exercise using Docker

_This script is provided for testing purposes, as it mimics how representers run in Exercism's production environment._

To create a representation for an using the Docker image, do the following:

1. Open a terminal in the project's root
2. Run `./bin/run-in-docker.sh <exercise-slug> <solution-dir> <output-dir>`

Once the representer has finished, its results will be written to `<output-dir>/representation.txt` and `<output-dir>/mapping.json`.

## Run the tests

To run the tests to verify the behavior of the representer, do the following:

1. Open a terminal in the project's root
2. Run `./bin/run-tests.sh`

These are [golden tests][golden] that compare the `representation.txt` and `mapping.json` generated by running the current state of the code against the "known good" `tests/<test-name>/representation.txt` and `tests/<test-name>/mapping.json`. All files created during the test run itself are discarded.

When you've made modifications to the code that will result in a new "golden" state, you'll need to generate and commit a new `tests/<test-name>/representation.txt` and `tests/<test-name>/mapping.json` file.

## Run the tests using Docker

_This script is provided for testing purposes, as it mimics how representers run in Exercism's production environment._

To run the tests to verify the behavior of the representer using the Docker image, do the following:

1. Open a terminal in the project's root
2. Run `./bin/run-tests-in-docker.sh`

These are [golden tests][golden] that compare the `representation.txt` and `mapping.json` generated by running the current state of the code against the "known good" `tests/<test-name>/representation.txt` and `tests/<test-name>/mapping.json`. All files created during the test run itself are discarded.

When you've made modifications to the code that will result in a new "golden" state, you'll need to generate and commit a new `tests/<test-name>/representation.txt` and `tests/<test-name>/mapping.json` file.

[representers]: https://github.com/exercism/docs/tree/main/building/tooling/representers
[golden]: https://ro-che.info/articles/2017-12-04-golden-tests
[exercism]: https://exercism.io

Commit message:

Add explanation on default implementation

README.md, after:

# Exercism Representer Template

This repository is a [template repository](https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-template-repository) for creating [representers][representers] for [Exercism][exercism] tracks.

## Using the Representer Template

1. Ensure that your track has not already implemented a representer. If there is, there will be a `https://github.com/exercism/<track>-representer` repository (i.e. if your track's slug is `python`, the representer repo would be `https://github.com/exercism/python-representer`)
2. Follow [GitHub's documentation](https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template) for creating a repository from a template repository
   - Name your new repository based on your language track's slug (i.e. if your track is for Python, your representer repo name is `python-representer`)
3. Remove this [Exercism Representer Template](#exercism-representer-template) section from the `README.md` file
4. Replace `TRACK_NAME_HERE` with your track's name in the `README.md` file
5. Build the representer, conforming to the [Representer interface specification](https://github.com/exercism/docs/blob/main/building/tooling/representers/interface.md).
   - Update the files to match your track's needs. At the very least, you'll need to update `bin/run.sh`, `Dockerfile` and the test solutions in the `tests` directory
   - Tip: look for `TODO:` comments to point you towards code that need updating
   - Tip: look for `OPTIONAL:` comments to point you towards code that _could_ be useful

Once you're happy with your representer, [open an issue on the exercism/exercism repo](https://github.com/exercism/exercism/issues/new?title=%5BTRACK%5D+Request+Representer+Repository) to request an official representer repository for your track.

## Default Implementation

The default implementation works as follows:

- The `representation.txt` contains the concatenated solution files
  - Solution files are separated by an empty line
  - Solution files are identified via the the `.files.solution[]` property in the `.meta/config.json` file
- The `mapping.json` contains an empty JSON object (`{}`)

### Normalizations

- Blank files in the solution files are removed in the `representation.txt`
- Line-based trailing whitespace in the solution files is removed in the `representation.txt`

# Exercism TRACK_NAME_HERE Representer

The Docker image to automatically create a representation for TRACK_NAME_HERE solutions submitted to [Exercism].

## Run the representer

To create a representation for an arbitrary exercise, do the following:

1. Open a terminal in the project's root
2. Run `./bin/run.sh <exercise-slug> <solution-dir> <output-dir>`

Once the representer has finished, its results will be written to `<output-dir>/representation.txt` and `<output-dir>/mapping.json`.

## Run the representer on an exercise using Docker

_This script is provided for testing purposes, as it mimics how representers run in Exercism's production environment._

To create a representation for an using the Docker image, do the following:

1. Open a terminal in the project's root
2. Run `./bin/run-in-docker.sh <exercise-slug> <solution-dir> <output-dir>`

Once the representer has finished, its results will be written to `<output-dir>/representation.txt` and `<output-dir>/mapping.json`.

## Run the tests

To run the tests to verify the behavior of the representer, do the following:

1. Open a terminal in the project's root
2. Run `./bin/run-tests.sh`

These are [golden tests][golden] that compare the `representation.txt` and `mapping.json` generated by running the current state of the code against the "known good" `tests/<test-name>/representation.txt` and `tests/<test-name>/mapping.json`. All files created during the test run itself are discarded.

When you've made modifications to the code that will result in a new "golden" state, you'll need to generate and commit a new `tests/<test-name>/representation.txt` and `tests/<test-name>/mapping.json` file.

## Run the tests using Docker

_This script is provided for testing purposes, as it mimics how representers run in Exercism's production environment._

To run the tests to verify the behavior of the representer using the Docker image, do the following:

1. Open a terminal in the project's root
2. Run `./bin/run-tests-in-docker.sh`

These are [golden tests][golden] that compare the `representation.txt` and `mapping.json` generated by running the current state of the code against the "known good" `tests/<test-name>/representation.txt` and `tests/<test-name>/mapping.json`. All files created during the test run itself are discarded.

When you've made modifications to the code that will result in a new "golden" state, you'll need to generate and commit a new `tests/<test-name>/representation.txt` and `tests/<test-name>/mapping.json` file.

[representers]: https://github.com/exercism/docs/tree/main/building/tooling/representers
[golden]: https://ro-che.info/articles/2017-12-04-golden-tests
[exercism]: https://exercism.io
